in this tutorial I will show you how
make a real lipstick
nourishing with an eye shadow that you will be
surely it happened there broke or
even from a palette that you don't
use more than like a color a
particular and I will show you precisely
how to make a lipstick I chose
a palette that I don't use with gods
colors of the containers for the lenses
and it is simple containers for the ranti
a transparent gloss a small brush with
very long bristles especially for
to be comfortable in mixing the
everything is a nourishing cream or under
turn my eyeshadow into an order
lipstick of this color then the
red
I'm going to break the eyeshadow stick
I'm going to break the brush and go
to put on a kleenex we go to
transfer in the talents in this
way
more eye shadow or pigment put the more
color the color will naturally come
intense these lipsticks naturally yes
they can also do those with pigments
who sell in powder perfumery
let's add the lip gloss and
a little bit of nourishing cream I go to
mix it all you have to mix well
until you reach the density
just see the same creamy as
a lipstick, your mind will make you
see in this case on the palm of the
my hand that has the same intensity e
color of a normal lipstick could
also be a gift idea to give away
to a friend of yours of course with
different containers
it takes 5 to 10 minutes